Jira DOC-897: Style review: replica (#1542)
RedisLabs/redislabs-docs: content/rs/release-notes/rs-5-6-0-april-2020.md

## Known limitations

### Active-Active databases

> - RS51359 - Active-Active databases, using replication and Append Only File (AOF) for [Database Persistence]({{< relref "rs/concepts/data-access/persistence.md" >}}) are suffering from memory leak on replicas. The shards causing them to grow bigger than the master shards. Customers are advised to upgrade to RS 6.0.12. Meanwhile, you can use snapshot for Database Persistence or restart the replica shards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- RS51359 - Active-Active databases, using replication and Append Only File (AOF) for [Database Persistence]({{< relref "rs/concepts/data-access/persistence.md" >}}), are suffering from memory leaks on replica shards, causing them to grow bigger than the master shards. Customers are advised to upgrade to RS 6.0.12. Meanwhile, you can use a snapshot for Database Persistence or restart the replica shards.
```
